send the game the best line to play
The right side of the ball comes in
memory of my doll member game
now works in the American capital
he had been working Rio jones
jones dominate or in nickel mine in
good-morning word of mouth joseph pedro to cross
the step by step
I am
is what it is
it's hi
i
the goal
the game link shooter jones
from Rio is a center
It's your bullet to lick you, I swear, a sound.
068 figueirense team in the cup area
of elite emerson mendes
generally
the stamped card number 68 can
concede in the area he threw the ball to lahm and
the goalkeeper wilson March network
he made the baker's joy
quito entrepreneur tells the seller of
fruit pulp
the seller who is irises comes to make
joy of the elton tricolor galley
stamped card number 68 show
ball happened turned headline that photo
there the exchange of the bay and the broker fell
here on tom and jj street exit
Andrade and the gang celebrate because the
bay
after this marvelous descent through
left all built juan carioca
the little jussandro kicked
crossed
tomorrow the Bahia beat and got the keeper
picked up a jar game kicker
Sandro, I was in the right place for a
millimeter away small thing
little by little the ball did not hit the
lock and could even go out but not
she was there with her left leg
scored at the bottom of the net
goalkeeper wilson to grafando
now the tricolor galley
the guys in the tricolor class party
bahia has tied for catalá bahia has one
the shirt of number 68 figueirense
also has one in the name of white flavor
of soccer and do not tell me the toyota more
near you a turning of the hands of the
my dear in the subway dial
the sealed galley labeled Caliphate I said
that was my friend sandra of marine
my friend norm guarantees the good guys
of the family menezes in stella maris 28
minutes of the first half of the second half
bayern draws the game